Update checklist-of-requirements-for-federal-digital-services.md (#6950)
GSA/digitalgov.gov: content/resources/checklist-of-requirements-for-federal-digital-services.md

## Overarching policies

> These high-level policies cover basic requirements for all websites and digital services. Use this handy {{< asset-static file="go-live-checklist-for-federal-websites-and-digital-services-nov2023.xlsx" label="go-live-checklist-for-federal-websites-and-digital-services-nov2023 (PDF, 4 pages, 2MB) >}} to ensure you've addressed all critical requirements. If you have difficulty viewing this file, please [reach out to us](https://digital.gov/about/contact/). 

Author: ```suggestion
These high-level policies cover basic requirements for all websites and digital services. Use this handy {{< asset-static file="go-live-checklist-for-federal-websites-and-digital-services-nov2023.xlsx" label="Requirements and Go-Live Checklist for Federal Public Websites and Digital Services >}} to ensure you've addressed all critical requirements. If you have difficulty viewing this file, please [reach out to us](https://digital.gov/about/contact/). 
```
